# Lecture 0120

## Meta
- Date: 01/20/2023

## Main
### Democratic view of locke
- We need more rights than Locke Stated:
  - Education: 'without education, we are just animals'
  - HealthCare
- Locke is right that we should have tyhese natural rights.

### Locke: what are the relevant features
- Find the answer of question sthat what are the relavent features

### Locke: Right
- Liberal vs. Conservative:
  - Should humans have right in balabala...?
  - The debate is about what are the attributes that are important to human beings?
  - a.k.a., what are the rights that are relavant to human beings?

### Enlightment: pratical
- God will not make the socirty better
- Should we even need to believe the exisitence of god?
- Religion is super important in 17th century among Europe
  - Time is tough in Europe. But the conflict is all about religion.
- Enlightment: It's not a good idea to kill someone just because he does not believe in something[Religious Tolerent]
  - If you believe the wrong thing, you will go to the hell forever.

### Hume
- He likes Science
  - He thinks all of our knowledge is directly from sensing something or told by someone that they sensed something.
  - Religion should also based on the science.
  - Based on "experiment" and "testimony"
- what's the difference between believing something without any evidence and guessing?
  - Hume: Nothing different
- He attacks the exisitence of god
  - god takes the form of humans and performed some miracles.
  - the miracles could only be performed by god
  - people experienced these kind of these miracles
  - We did not watch the god doing this miracles
  - we believe it because of others' testimony
  - But these testimonies are not believable
- The principle of belief
  - If you have a lot of evidence, then you should belive that thing strongly. Poor evidence? weak belief. And no evidence no belief.
  - portion the belief with the evidence
- What's the law of nature
  - The beliefs that has the strongest evidence.(in its favour)
- Miracle could be a violation of nature
  - We should not believe miracles occur
  - we believe the nature
  - and therefore we should not believe the miracle
